or at YouTube ECW number one back here
again with another belt real either it's
another 2007 ECW that's my first one
that I did that's my first battle either
you can see on the black it's the
standard anon painted version here
underneath this belt bag is my repainted
version the strap is a little bit
different which it's pretty obvious once
I review it as you see the tooling is a
little different as well but yeah I
think a lot of people probably won't
like this but yeah here it is as you can
see I've chosen to put it on a bright
orange strap mmm the reason for this is
I want my bouts to look a bit different
I don't like having plain black straps
for all of them so a few of them I'm
going to change up and do them a little
differently seeing as they're both the
same bout except this one's just
repainted I thought give them a
different strap give them a bit of a
different identity as you can see the
tooling is a little differently curved
bar oh they're covering and this is just
a hexagonal shape the snap box on my
newer orange one is a hell of a lot
better I've improved greatly since my
first but this is my for free leather CC
my name stamped into the end of it
barbed wire tooling going all around the
belt and another thing i added was since
i'm not selling the spell i thought it i
might as well give it the heart gram on
it so as you can see there and it says
ECW champion with the art graham printed
bear i want with all the barbed wire and
beveled edges and the other two by five
snap box and there's nothing printed on
there so i'm very happy with how it came
out actually it looks great i just
finished it literally within the last
half hour it's what time is it now it's
three o'clock so yeah I finished this
between half two and three just being
setting sort of it the end is a lot
different now is more curved this woman
I get more of a square lot I think I'll
just turn it over sure here's still
black back so that part's still the same
I think it looks good builder contrast
between the black and orange looks very
nice you can see it's not fully flexible
yet because it still needs to break in
obviously like all real other straps has
this break-in period this is suede so
you can see like it looks all marked
with it looks so bad on Caroline Oh mark
but it does feel great it looks great
and nothing else I can really say about
it oh it's holding it will become a lot
more flexible when it's broken in like
this one it's like you can just see that
so flexible now like that yeah that's
what this one will end up like look
steady yourself belt so yeah I'll just
put this on my shoulder on the way just
to show the flexibility not so much
flexibility just about off a bit see ya
I'll just pause this and do that so yeah
here is the belt on my shoulder as you
can see I don't even need to hold it for
it to stay up and it slips perfect yeah
there you go don't need to hold it for
it to stay up i'll even turn to show i
believe it will be hanging right down at
the back there but i'm not sure it's not
fully broker than this but we've been
started breaking in period yet but yeah
it's nice looking belt you can see folds
nicely like that already as any real
leather belt well obviously the weight
of the place there is what swapping down
but even on that side still looking good
so yeah that's just that on my shoulder
a fits well i'll put the other one on
just that's a comparison
CT move just hold on without any need
mmm look good dog they feel good on
their hand good por SI thing just throat
back onto the bed no damage because it's
real leather and it's folded up next to
there so i'll put this around my waist
now just to show off of that nice nap
say Mike Knox don't push nothing
normally the snaps need a breaking in
period as well but these ones working
Wow C&C grab your intern from the
evolution days as end of cottonelle
champion I'm so gay not that does that
have been wrong with gay people but not
yeah that's the boat on the waist I
think it looks good I'm happy with that
orange color makes it stand out a bit
more but I prefer to the just the
standard black so i think a lot my dogs
will be a different color other than
black if you're interested about lea
leather and currently UK only i'm
considering your as well Barkley that
would be extra postage but yeah you can
only check out my alley championship
belt realize his facebook page i believe
the link to it now it's called paul
martin bowels because I changed I think
but I can't change them now see I check
that out if you're interested in real
either email me I'll put both of these
things in the description box below
email me at ECW number one at gmail com
perfect so yeah if you're interested
just that there's the belt on the bird
that's after throwing it down so i'll do
the same for this one it lands perfectly
no damage because of the real rather
obviously some people still complain
about it but it's my belt I can do that
yeah I'm happy with that I think it
looks good the orange really makes it
stand out and it's one of my favorite
parts now so yeah she understood again
check out the links below and everything
and the email below and all pricing is
on the info section of the facebook page
yahoo championship belt realizes
facebook page so all pricings their
motor borders
from saying buyers will get their scouts
probably but yeah comment rate subscribe
thank you for watching